I don't get it I really don't get it
how do you get it all together so fucking fast baby
you know I don't like it when you swear
and I don't like it when Nathan Forbes comes up to
what's mine first you and now this
I'm sorry
I'm really sorry I'm just
it wasn't supposed to be like this
I'm
really struggling to find the funding for my campaign
and now
Nathan just gonna waltz in here and fuck everything up
just fine he can run against me all he wants
but I'm the one you marry
you're mine right
of course
what do you think about uh
going to a party this weekend
what party
uh Abby and I were thinking about throwing you a party
at Phillips Club
no no way
it'll be fun and
I think
it'd be good if you and Nathan had a few drinks
and talk things out
besides Connie will be there
you know us rose girls never get to go out
and she seemed upset earlier
fine for you and Connie's
yeah it'll be great